more error tracking docs (specifically rules) (#11924)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/error-tracking/managing-issues.mdx

---
title: Issue management
---

Our error tracking product gives you multiple ways to help you manage issues and work towards resolution. 

## Assigning issues

Issues can be assigned to a teammate from the list or issue page. To do this, select the **assignee** option and search for the teammate you want to assign it to, and select them. You can click this dropdown again to remove the assignee.

> What if you want to assign issues to a group rather than an individual teammate? You can create a role [your project settings](https://us.posthog.com/settings/organization-roles) under **Error tracking**.

Reviewer: Group is a bit loaded with other context in PostHog language
```suggestion
Want to assign issues to a **team** rather than an individual teammate? You can create a role [your project settings](https://us.posthog.com/settings/organization-roles) under **Error tracking**.
```

<ProductScreenshot
  imageLight="https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/roles_light_6c7ea17be9.png"
  imageDark="https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/roles_dark_f721b94577.png"
  alt="Error tracking role assignees"
  classes="rounded"
/>

### Auto assignment rules

> You can also automatically assign new and reopened issues using [auto assignment rules](https://us.posthog.com/error_tracking/configuration?tab=error-tracking-auto-assignment#selectedSetting=error-tracking-auto-assignment).
> Assignment conditions are evaluated against the properties of the exception event that created the issue.
> Because assignment rules are evaluated during ingestion the stack trace (if present) will be unminified, which allows for filtering on on exception properties such as function name and source file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can automatically assign new and reopened issues using [auto assignment rules](https://us.posthog.com/error_tracking/configuration?tab=error-tracking-auto-assignment#selectedSetting=error-tracking-auto-assignment).

Assignment conditions are evaluated against the properties of the exception event that created the issue. Because assignment rules are evaluated during ingestion, the stack trace (if present) will be unminified which allows for filtering on on exception properties such as function name and source file.
```

<ProductScreenshot
  imageLight="https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/assignment_rules_light_1cf9a2437a.png"
  imageDark="https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/assignment_rules_dark_11e0830b0c.png"
  alt="Error tracking auto assignment rules"
  classes="rounded"
/>

Auto assignment works well when paired with [alerts filtered by assignee](/docs/error-tracking/alerts#alert-filtering).

## Merging issues

You can merge issues representing the same problem from the issue list by:

1. Selecting the primary issue others should be merged into
2. Selecting the issue(s) to merge into the primary issue
3. Clicking the **Merge** button

> After merging, all events and properties from the merged issues are added to the primary issue. The merged issues are then deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After merging, all events and properties from the merged issues are added to the primary issue. The merged issues are then deleted (but the underlying events are not). 
```

<ProductScreenshot
  imageLight="https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/merge_light_0489da02c6.png"
  imageDark="https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/merge_dark_aab4bfcc93.png"
  alt="Error tracking issue merging"
  classes="rounded"
/>

## Custom issue grouping

> PostHog attempts to group the same exceptions as a single issue.
> If you want more control over issue grouping we allow you to define a grouping client-side or using rules during ingestion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PostHog attempts to group the same exceptions as a single issue. If you want more control over issue grouping, you can define a grouping on the client-side or using rules during ingestion.
```

### Client-side fingerprint

An `$exception_fingerprint` property is generated during ingestion by PostHog and used to perform this grouping. Setting the `$exception_fingerprint` property on the frontend will override the default flow to allow for custom grouping of certain exceptions.

> When using the `captureException` method you can provide `$exception_fingerprint` as an additional property in the functions second argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `captureException` method, you can provide `$exception_fingerprint` as an additional property in the functions second argument.
```

```js
posthog.captureException(error, { $exception_fingerprint: "MyCustomGroup" })
```

> Should an exception be autocaptured, you will need to modify the properties before the event is sent. The PostHog config offers a [`before_send`](/docs/libraries/js/features#amending-or-sampling-events) hook that fires for each event. You can alter the event as part of this callback to add the property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the exception is autocaptured, you need to modify the properties before the event is sent. The PostHog config offers a [`before_send`](/docs/libraries/js/features#amending-or-sampling-events) hook that fires for each event which you can use to alter event and add the property:
```

```javascript
posthog.init("<ph_project_api_key>", {
  before_send: (event) => {
    if (event.event === "$exception") {
      const exceptionList = event.properties["$exception_list"] || []
      const exception = exceptionList.length > 0 ? exceptionList[0] : null;

      if (exception && exception["$exception_type"] == "SyntaxError") {
        event.properties["$exception_fingerprint"] = "MyCustomGroup"
      }    
    }
    return event
  }
})
```

### Custom grouping rules

> You can also choose to group exceptions as a single issue based on their properties.
> As with [auto assignment rules](#auto-assignment-rules) you have access to properties of the unminified stack trace because the rules run during ingestion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also choose to group exceptions as a single issue based on their properties. As with [auto assignment rules](#auto-assignment-rules), you have access to properties of the unminified stack trace because the rules run during ingestion.
```
